Mission 2
Murphy: It’s disgusting, people like you. 
Roy: Woah, that’s a lot of hostility! What can I do for you today, senior citizen?
Murphy: You can leave this to honest Northland Soldiers. Not you soldier of fortune types.
Roy: Ok Gramps, whatever you say. 
R: But if I remember correctly, I’m pretty sure some “honest Northland Soldiers” caused the tragedies at both Belkland square and Dorbaug. 
R: Now I might be misremembering this, but didn’t that extend the war by a couple years, with the added benefit of destabilizing the economies of both Belkland and Dorbaug. 
Murphy: … What?
Roy: And aren’t both those countries now strong allies of Canuckistan? I don’t know gramps, if maybe more of you “Northland types” were more motivated by money instead of straight patriotism, the northlands probably wouldn’t have as many enemies.
Murphy:... Are you the same boy I saw running around the battlefield screaming “Spread the fuck out” like a chicken with his head cut off?
Roy: That was me, yes.
Murphy: I didn’t peg you as the type to keep track of world events.
Roy: Really? I didn’t realize I had the effect on people.
Murphy: …
Murphy: Wait a minute.
M:  It wasn’t your boys who were out defending that scout group today, was it?
Roy: Yeah. Duh. That was our job.
Murphy: Where are you from, boy?
Roy: Tallaha, born and raised. I even joined their military for a bit.
Murphy: You could have been a Northlands officer. What happened?
Roy: I was a Northlands officer. Then I quit. The military has too much red tape, bureaucracy, and stuck up officers. 
Murphy: You know, I think I can agree with that.
M: I’m sorry, boy. I think I had you guys all wrong.
Roy: To be fair, I did just recently run between a FoF and an ultra and nearly got everyone killed. I can see why you’d think I was a problem.
Murphy:... The radio.
Roy: What?
Murphy: When they retreated, the riflemen lost their radio. You were getting it for them. 
M: You didn’t want to put any of your men in danger, so you did it yourself.
Roy: You noticed? Huh. Well, we’ll just keep that between you and me, yeah? 
R: Though i bet no one would believe you if you told them..
Murphy: I think it’ll be a fine time working with you, son.
Roy: Aha! Excellent. I’ll pass that along to the Canuckistan in my group!
Murphy: THE WHAT!?!